# SuiteCRM Body of Knowledge
## Key Records
- [Accounts](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/core-modules/accounts/) hold all information specific to a company that your organisation will have a relationship with. In real world terms an Account may be a business entity that is a qualified Sales Prospect, Customer, Supplier or Re-seller and can be used to track all interactions that take place between these entities and your organisation.
- [Contacts](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/core-modules/contacts/) are individuals who are typically associated with an Account (organisation) or Opportunity (qualified prospect). This module holds all information relating to these individuals and also provides a vantage point for any history relating to a Contact record, for example if they were involved in a Meeting, raised a Case or sent an Email.
- [Opportunities](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/core-modules/opportunities/). An Opportunity is a qualified Sales prospect with a likely chance that they will be able to do business with your company. You have established that they have buying power and have entered into the buying cycle. This module allows you to track your Opportunities throughout the Sales Pipeline until the deal is 'Closed Lost or 'Closed Won'.
- [Leads](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/core-modules/leads/). A Lead is an unqualified contact usually generated from some form of marketing related event, for example it could be a person that has filled out a form on your website or someone that you met at a trade show and you are not sure yet if they have buying authority. Once a Lead is qualified and converted then it can be split into three parts; a Contact once you have established 'Who' it is, an Account when you know 'Where' they work and an Opportunity once it is known 'What' they might buy.
- [Projects](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/core-modules/projects/). The Projects module allows the User to arrange their organisation’s projects by tracking a number of Tasks and allocating resources. Once set up, a project can be visualised in the form of a Gantt chart or using the project grid.
- [Tasks](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/core-modules/tasks/). SuiteCRM can assist Users with productivity, offering a way to record, relate and assign Tasks and to-do items that require action.
- [Cases](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/core-modules/cases/) are used to record interactions with Customers when they ask for help or advice, for example in a Sales or Support function. A Case can be created, updated when a User is working on it, assigned to a colleague and closed when resolved. At each stage of the Case the User can track and update the incoming and outgoing conversation thread so a clear record of what has occurred is registered in the CRM. Cases can be related to individual records such as Accounts, Contacts and Bugs.
- [Notes](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/core-modules/notes/) module in SuiteCRM can be used to keep a record of any comments, observations or explanations that a User may have relating internally to their organisation or relating to another SuiteCRM record such as an Account, Contact, Lead or many more. Notes are also used to keep record of interactions with Customers regarding Cases and Bugs.
- [Knowledge Base](https://docs.suitecrm.com/user/advanced-modules/knowledgebase/). The knowledge base can be used as a structured repository of solutions coming Cases. When a new treatment is entered into the system, the system compares the topic of the new treatment with the topics and contents of the existing Knowledge Base articles and automatically suggests options for suitable articles, which makes it possible to speed up the search for an answer to the received treatment.
